Do you think we are in a #recession Explain.
Brainwash the children to be sheep. Tell them “inflation is good, we are not in a recession “. Always about the children, why is that with you?
Saw some interesting numbers on the Biden economy today, the loss of $75 billion in the market since the lifetime lying dog faced pony soldier politician took over as president! Yet, there are those who say we aren’t in a recession? Certified dingleheads!@jamesbulltard7 Means we are in a recession already. They haven’t even turned student loans back on. Lmao
IMHO, we will have a recession, it will be something similar with what we have seen in Japan, very slowly with high inflation pressure due to aging population that switch from saving towards consumption. If automation and jobs are replaced by AI this might reduce or even inverse.
Fed funds were at 2% when mkts peaked in 2015 & 2016 at 16x fwd, then dropped 10-12% each time due to growth scares. Fed funds are now pushing 5% & the Fwd PE is over 18x + we will have a growth scare and likely a recession within the next couple of quarters.  Moron dip buyers.
@garweh2011 @TeamFuloZim @TheLifeZoomer @ngaapinde @tockyvibesoj Nyama inidhura we are in a recession 😂😂😂
@KeithMcCullough @AtlantaFed @HedgeyeFIG I’d rather see a negative or 0 print confirming that we ARE IN A RECESSION
I think that investors are looking at the negative price trends in oil & nat gas & assuming that the earnings outlook is on the precipice of falling off, big-time. The pessimistic view may be overly discounted at this point; or if we get a nasty recession, maybe not?
There are private landlords in every country except communist countries. We have social housing for those who qualify. We have a housing shortage unfortunately will take a number of years to address unless we have a recession.  A recession would fix it fast.
Say it again for the people in the back. AMEN. We are hitting a recession if we are already not in one. Truly sad for people to be so hidden to that fact
@LennartZHH @MilMileBattery @TroyTeslike @Dramasettin We are in a recession ya mooo
Housing assistance is becoming more scarce in Boulder. County ran out of federal rental assistance $$. The city spent nearly all its rental assistance $$ for the year in months. “In theory and on paper, we have a lot of resources. But they are maxed out."
@RepJeffries We are in a recession!!!!! My god what is wrong with these people?
We are already in a recession Norma. What do you think those trillion dollar spending bills did? What about those lockdowns that demolished the economy? A nation's currency is not free from the laws of supply and demand.
If we are heading into a deep recession the important thing is to reduce prices so people can afford EVs. GM threw in the towel on the Bolt, because they can’t compete with Tesla prices. Drive costs down and  competition is hurting.
1/4 actually. So they are actually saving us from a really bad recession by keeping things at a decent value which they have to do. The inflation isn’t that bad. We have a mild recession in late 2023, but that’s better than what everyone’s expected meaning we making moves.
@RobertKennedyab @MBjegovic @elerianm @WSJ Marko is a grifting liar. Everyone in the US knows we are already well within a recession.
McCarthy doesn’t raise the debt ceiling this country will lose millions of jobs, we’ll go into a deep recession, people will lise savings, won’t be able to pay their mortgages.  All in time for the election.  That’s how dirty they are playing.
Are we in a recession? Experts say it's not a matter of "if" but "when"
We are in a recession, atleast once a week women should send money to their bfs especially if the use is to buy beer.
@Pauly0x @yugalabs @opensea We are in a recession. 
We are in a recession. All numbers are down across the board. I'm in the entertainment business. My income is definitely lower these last few months compared to last year. People don't have extra cash for leisure activities this year compared to past year.  It not just NFTs.
@ZipperFly31 The entire stock market is down. It has nothing to do with being woke, we are in a recession lol
Up is down, down is up. You are a massive success! Our economy isn’t in a recession! Stock market isn’t crashing! We don’t have a crime crisis, border crisis or inflation crisis! Everything is great! You are such a competent president. It’s Opposite Day I guess! #BidenFails
How many times do we have to tell you people? We are in a recession whether the government wants to admit it or not and interest rates are at 20-year highs! That affects people's ability to make major purchases. Tesla is absolutely killing it with 35% growth.